This repository contains the code and information for the Bagel Bar Mobile app for CSC-355. This app allows the user to create
an account, sign in, and update their information. Other features include viewing the menu and Bagel Bar information such as
their phone number, address, and hours of operation.
The React Native code connects to a PHP back-end where the database is then accessed. This database is stored on the web and is
accessible with any internet connection.

The 'screens' folder contains the bulk of the React Native code. The 'navigation' folder contains the tab bar navigation and
main navigation files.

If you wish to view the published app please follow the instructions below:

Requirements:
 - Smartphone or tablet(iOS or Android)
 - Expo Client app
 - Expo Client account
 
The fastest way to view the project is to first download the Expo Client app available on the App Store for iOS or the Google Play
store on Android. If you cannot find the correct app enter this link into your browser: https://expo.io/tools#client
When you follow the link, it will be the first option at the top of the page.

Once you have downloaded and installed the Expo Client app you can then create an Expo account to view the project.
It will ask you to enter your email address, username, and password to create the account. Once created you can sign in using
the credentials that were entered previously. Note: You will only have to create an account once.

You can also create an Expo account in your browser by entering this link in your browser: https://expo.io/signup
However, you will still have to sign into the Expo Client app using the credentials you created in the browser.

After you have installed the Expo Client app and have signed into your account you will be able to open the link provided to view
the Bagel Bar Mobile project. You can enter the link in your browser to view options for opening the project on your phone.
There will be a QR code that you can scan with your device which will open the project in the Expo Client app. Another option is to
send the link to your email address or have a linked sent using your phone number. Once sent the link will automatically open
the project on the Expo Client app.
The link below can be used to access the project:

